Greek Mythology/source/monsters/index.rst, before:

.. Greek Mythology documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Nov 30 08:38:52 2017.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Greek Monsters
==============

These creatures of myth are just some of many that one can find throughout Greek
 mythology. Look at the table below to learn the name of a creature, what they 
 look like, and what the creature did to gain distinction. From playful satyrs 
 to the deathly Charybdis, some of these monsters were surely sound familiar as 
 we still refer to them today.


.. list-table:: Ten Creatures in Greek Mythology
   :widths: 10 20 30
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Name
     - Appearance
     - Purpose
   * - Arachne
     - Half spider and half woman; Mother of all Spiders
     - Was transformed into this state by Athena after she boasted she was 
	   the best weaver.
   * - Cyclops
     - One-eyed giants
     - Cyclops were builders, blacksmiths, and craftsmen. The most notable 
       cyclops was Polyphemus, who appears Homer’s *Odyssey*
   * - The Chimera
     - A fire-breathing three-headed monster with heads of a lion, goat, and 
	   snake. Half lion body and goat behind, with a long snake tail.
     - If one saw this creature, it was an omen for shipwrecks, volcanoes, 
	    and other disasters
   * - Centaur
     - Head and torso of a man, and the body of a horse
     - Many centaurs helped heroes in legends, one centaur of which was 
       named Chiron, who trained Achilles.
   * - Charybdis and Scylla
     - Charybdis; a sea monster who inhaled and caused whirlpools in the 
       ocean, 
       Scylla; many-headed monster
     - Sailors had to sail between these monsters to pass the straits
   * - Furies
     - Older women who have blood-shot eyes, bat wings, and sometimes dog’s 
	    heads
     - Godessess of vengeance, they punish the wicked for crimes. They hear 
	    complaints and then search for the culprits
   * - Gorgons
     - Female monsters that have snakes instead of hair
     - The three Gorgons are Stheno, Euryale, and most notably Medusa, whose 
	    gaze can turn people to stone.
   * - Minotaur
     - Has the head of a bull and the body of a man 
     - The minotaur lived in the center of Daedalus’ Labryrinth, a maze to 
	    enslave the Minotaur
   * - Satyrs
     - Has human upper bodies, and the horns and bottom half of a goat 
     - Worshippers of Pan and Dionysus, satyrs love wine, women, and music
   * - Pegasus
     - Winged stallion 
     - Associated with poetry, Pegasus is known for letting heroes like 
	    Bellerophon ride on his back 

Click here to 
.. _find more: https://www.greekmythology.com/Myths/Creatures/creatures.html
creatures like the ones seen above!

Commit message:

Added images and more content(list and subheading)

Greek Mythology/source/monsters/index.rst, after:

.. Greek Mythology documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Nov 30 08:38:52 2017.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Greek Monsters
==============

These creatures of myth are just some of many that one can find throughout Greek
 mythology. Look at the table below to learn the name of a creature, what they 
 look like, and what the creature did to gain distinction. From playful satyrs 
 to the deathly Charybdis, some of these monsters were surely sound familiar as 
 we still refer to them today.

.. figure:: medusa.jpg
	
	Perseus hiding from the Gorgon, Medusa, made by `donanimhaber`_.

.. _donanimhaber: http://quotesgram.com/img/medusa-greek-mythology-quotes/1625541/


.. list-table:: Ten Creatures in Greek Mythology
   :widths: 10 20 30
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Name
     - Appearance
     - Purpose
   * - Arachne
     - Half spider and half woman; Mother of all Spiders
     - Was transformed into this state by Athena after she boasted she was 
	   the best weaver.
   * - Cyclops
     - One-eyed giants
     - Cyclops were builders, blacksmiths, and craftsmen. The most notable 
       cyclops was Polyphemus, who appears Homer’s *Odyssey*
   * - The Chimera
     - A fire-breathing three-headed monster with heads of a lion, goat, and 
	   snake. Half lion body and goat behind, with a long snake tail.
     - If one saw this creature, it was an omen for shipwrecks, volcanoes, 
	    and other disasters
   * - Centaur
     - Head and torso of a man, and the body of a horse
     - Many centaurs helped heroes in legends, one centaur of which was 
       named Chiron, who trained Achilles.
   * - Charybdis and Scylla
     - Charybdis; a sea monster who inhaled and caused whirlpools in the 
       ocean, 
       Scylla; many-headed monster
     - Sailors had to sail between these monsters to pass the straits
   * - Furies
     - Older women who have blood-shot eyes, bat wings, and sometimes dog’s 
	    heads
     - Godessess of vengeance, they punish the wicked for crimes. They hear 
	    complaints and then search for the culprits
   * - Gorgons
     - Female monsters that have snakes instead of hair
     - The three Gorgons are Stheno, Euryale, and most notably Medusa, whose 
	    gaze can turn people to stone.
   * - Minotaur
     - Has the head of a bull and the body of a man 
     - The minotaur lived in the center of Daedalus’ Labryrinth, a maze to 
	    enslave the Minotaur
   * - Satyrs
     - Has human upper bodies, and the horns and bottom half of a goat 
     - Worshippers of Pan and Dionysus, satyrs love wine, women, and music
   * - Pegasus
     - Winged stallion 
     - Associated with poetry, Pegasus is known for letting heroes like 
	    Bellerophon ride on his back 

Click here to `find more`_.
.. _find more: https://www.greekmythology.com/Myths/Creatures/creatures.html
creatures like the ones seen above!
