.. Greek Mythology documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Nov 30 08:38:52 2017.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Artemis
=======

Artemis is the goddess of the moon, the hunt, archery, wild animals, the 
wilderness, vegetation, childbirth, and chastity.  Her sacred animal is the 
deer.  She is the daughter of the god Zeus(LINK) and the Titaness Leto.  Leto 
gave birth to Artemis and her twin brother Apollo(LINK) on the floating island 
of Delos because that was the only place from a jealous Hera’s tormenting.  
Artemis and Apollo, being twins, are often seen in conjunction to each other.  
They are patrons of unmarried girls and boys, and the moon and sun, 
respectively.  Artemis’s personality was often cold, reserved, and private- 
opposite the outgoing Apollo.  However, they still often worked in conjunction 
with each other.  Once, a woman named Niobe bragged that she birthed more 
children than Leto and was therefore better.  However, when Artemis and Apollo 
heard this they shot and killed all her children.  Artemis takes revenge when 
others try to disrespect her or spy on her.  For example, once, Actaeon, a 
famous hunter, found her and some of her attendants bathing in a stream.  
Instead of leaving, he approached closer and Artemis turned him into a deer.  
Her dogs attacked and killed him.  She was a maiden goddess and took pride in 
that.  In fact, she only fell in love on one occasion: with her hunting partner, 
Orion.  However, Apollo was upset with this and challenged Apollo to a shooting 
contest, giving a point in the distance.  Unfortunately, the point was Orion, 
and Artemis shot and killed him.  In her grief, she made him into a 
constellation.  

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:
