.. Greek Mythology documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Nov 30 08:38:52 2017.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Dionysus
========

Dionysus is the god of wine, vegetation, pleasure, festivity, madness, euphoria, 
and the patron of Greek theater.  He is either shown as an old bearded man or a 
young long-haired man.  He often carries a pinecone staff.  Dionysusâ€™ sacred 
animals were the panther, leopard, and tiger, and his plants were the grapevine,
ivy, and pine trees.  

Dionysus was born to Zeus and Semele, princess of Thebes.  Semele, influenced by 
a jealous Hera, asked Zeus to show her his full form but she died upon seeing 
him like that.  Zeus rescued the unborn Dionysus and sewed him into his leg, 
where he stayed until he was born.  Because Dionysus was born from Zeus, he was 
immortal despite having one mortal parent.  He is the only Olympian to have a 
mortal parent.  After he was born, he was raised by his Aunt Ino for a while, 
but she and her husband were cursed by Hera and killed themselves and their 
children.  

Hera then cursed Dionysus himself, who wandered around in madness for years, 
teaching people how to make wine.  Once, he was captured by Tyrrhenian pirates 
who wanted to sell him into slavery, but Dionysus cursed their ship with phantom
vines and beasts.  In fear, the pirated jumped into the sea, where Dionysus 
turned them into dolphins.  Another time, a different group of priates captured 
him, mistaking him for a prince.  They tied him to the mast of the ship but he 
magically loosened them until they fell.  The pirates retied him, but Dionysus 
loosened the ropes again.  He turned into a lion and pulled the pirates into the 
sea with vines.  He sailed the nearby island of Naxos, where he found Ariadne, 
princess of Crete, after she had been abandoned by Theseus.  When she died, 
Dionysus made a constellation of the crown he gave her. 

Dionysus was worshipped in the woods where his followers could be as wild and 
crazy as they wanted.  He was dramatic and had a sense of humor.  He was the 
last god to be instated on Mount Olympus.  

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

